{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11040\viewh14740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for tuning in!\
  \

\i Kinect-Via-Synapse 
\i0 is an open-source interface for use with the Kinect camera, Max/MSP, and Synapse (an application written and distributed by Ryan Challinor). My objective to this interface is to help streamline the creative process for musicians, composers, and digital artists wishing to get up and running with the Kinect.  Ryan Challinor has done some great work compiling necessary OpenNI drivers for working with the Kinect straight out of the box. While there are inherent limitations, as with all programs, 
\i Kinect-Via-Synapse
\i0  enables you to start programming creatively, without having to worry about establishing all the rough connections. The interface is meant to be performance ready.\
\
Some important notes.  \
1) I took liberty with _requiredlength and _pointhistorysize function calls, making them both global and individual. Should you choose to extend this functionality, you will need to use the interface controls, sending the specific /<joint>_functioncall <int> in order to change these values.  Any change in the global command will overwrite your individual settings.\
2) Only a single OSC skeleton is sent via Synapse, although the software allows multiple users to be tracked.  What this means is that while only a single skeleton's joints are sent, multiple users can "share" this OSC skeleton. Dancers might find this feature particularly rewarding.\
3) Need more than just a single user's worth of data?  Then try out 
\i Kinect-Via-OSCeleton
\i0 , my interface that works with OSCeleton as a means for compiling multi-user information. This interface does require some command-line knowledge, and you MUST use Terminal to execute OSCeleton.\
\
If you like what you see, please shout out to jpbellona@yahoo.com. I am interested to hear about your project that uses 
\i Kinect-Via-Synapse
\i0 . Indeed, my next steps are to invest time with XCode and the OpenNI framework to really build out an integrated multi-user system that is plug and play.\
\
Enjoy.\
\
Jon Bellona\
\
----------------------------------------\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Copyright 2011 Jon Bellona\
\
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\
   limitations under the License.\
}